Hey, I need to make up for it recently.
Otherwise, the prince didn't take it
Rong'er squeezed it into a human and dried it first
This silly girl is still waiting for me
Classmates don't care how many wives I will marry in the future
You will always be my wife
Master Xu
Been with me for 5 years
Thanks to the First Prince's support
Let the villain
Was able to get it from a small six-pint
It became the second product listing today.
Lord Xu called you here so late
Mainly I want to ask you to do me a favor.
The first prince rose high
I want Chen Yuanxiao
Can't get along in complementarity
13 The prince is the emperor's brother, I'm afraid
Bring it in.
Mr. Xu, these are just the deposits.
Double it when it's done
I am willing to serve the eldest prince